# Animium
This lvm project is kind of like wrapper offline 1.3.0 but better.
## For Contributors
in order to contribute to this project, you need to use the animium installer to install animium by clicking [here](https://github.com/josephanimate2021/Animium-Installer/archive/refs/heads/main.zip), extract the zip, and then run the install_animium.bat file. if sercuity windows pop up, just click on more info and click on run anyway. Nobody cares about these windows anyway. On the batch file, press 1 and then press enter to proceed with the installation. once the installation is done, you can close out of the command prompt and then locate the Animium Folder witch is supposed to be in the Downloads Folder. if it's not there, then something must have went wrong during the process. i will fix that at somepoint. if it dosen't work for you, then you can install git to fix the problem by clicking [here](http://git-scm.com/download/win). and then click on either the 32 bit setup button, or the 64 bit setup button. it depends on what your cpu supports. and once the git download is done, double click on your downloaded git installer and once the window pops up, keep on clicking next. once you are done installing git, your git is ready to go! what to next? well, you can run the install_animium.bat file again, press 1, and install animium! inside the animium folder, you will find a file called hub_init.bat. that is the file that you are going to use to start up animium every time you want to test your javascript code work that you put in. if localhost loads forever, then you may have done something that has caused it to load forever. that is why there is a file called reset.bat. by double clicking on the file, it will reset everything for you including the settings you put in fixing up localhost. That should be all. Enjoy developing your own build of Animium folks with the permision of Kia!

